Fix typo in implement-circuit-breaker-pattern.md (#20663)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/microservices/implement-resilient-applications/implement-circuit-breaker-pattern.md

**Figure 8-5**. Checking the state of the "Failing" ASP.NET middleware – In this case, disabled.

> At this point, the Basket microservice responds with status code 500 whenever your call invokes it.

Reviewer: Probably it was meant to be a "slash" or "or" between "call" and "invoke".

```suggestion
At this point, the Basket microservice responds with status code 500 whenever you call or invoke it.
```

Author: Okay, that makes perfect sense to me. I opted for a slash since that's pretty much what's used across the doc.
Thank you @Youssef1313
